A single article on Covid-19 can cover various topics like health, business implications of the disease or climate changes or it could just be a front to propagate fake information. Given the huge amount of news articles floating around the web in the wake of Covid-19, it is very difficult to compile and compare the news articles. To conduct an analysis of what is being discussed during these difficult times, we would have to first collect all the news articles and then annotate them according to their implicit news sub-categories. This motivates us to create an approach such that we could annotate news articles on Coronavirus without any manual intervention. By creating such a pipeline we not only aim to help researchers, media persons and Journalists to have access to similar articles but also avoid the overhead of time spent in reading and understanding unrelated articles. Thus we aim to improve the quality of similar articles and thus topics representing them.

We intend to solve the huge flow of information called information overload which makes it harder for users to find similar information on Covid-19 on the internet. We solve this with an application that enables the user to find news of their query/interest effortlessly. We are foreseeing some challenges, that include determining the subtopic, extract only the content of each webpage and present the data to the user. In real-world applications, multi-label classification (MLC) has a lot of utility in which objects can be identified by more than one label. Its costly and tedious to manually label the dataset. An unsupervised learning approach should, therefore, be considered to take advantage of clustering similar datasets and eventually doing topic modelling to multi-label the clusters. We use unsupervised learning technique(Clustering) to group a collection of articles so that articles in the same category are more similar to each other than those in other groups. Clustering can be used to help classify the types of a structure discovered.

We are trying to analyze the large set of news articles to help make it easier for common people to filter through many articles related to the virus, and find their own resoluteness.Furthermore, we would want to understand the semantic relations between different topics. And finally, analyze keywords to uncover patterns in the news content.